Added platform-name wildcard support (#5302)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/profiles.md

Use the `supports` setting in the `inspec.yml` file to specify one (or more) platforms for which a profile is targeting. The list of supported platforms may contain the following:

- Use `platform-family` to restrict to a specific platform family.

> - Use `platform-name` to restrict on a specific platform name (supports bash wildcards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `platform-name` to restrict on a specific platform name. `platform-name` supports asterisk (`*`) wildcard use.
```

> - Use `release` to restrict to a specific platform version (used with platform-name, supports bash wildcards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `release` to restrict to a specific platform version, and use together with `platform-name`. `release` supports asterisk (`*`) wildcard use.
```

    release: 14.04
```

> and to target entire release of Ubuntu version 14.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target the entire release of Ubuntu version 14.x, use:
```

  - platform-family: redhat
```

> and to target the entire Windows 2019 platform family (including Datcenter and Core Servers):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target the entire Windows 2019 platform family including Datcenter and Core Servers, use:
```

  - platform: aws
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: A single blank line is needed between the yaml code and the header. Line 189 fulfills this requirement already.
